"Hello there, bitch. Are you comfortable right now? I doubt it. Wrists and ankles chained. Gagged. Probably blind folded. You are disoriented and scared, too, I would imagine. Perfectly normal, under the circumstances. For a little while, at least, you need to get your shit together and listen to this tape. It is very relevant to your situation. Ifm going to tell you, in detail, why you have been kidnapped, whatfs going to happen to you and how long youfll be here. I donft know the details of your capture, because this tape is being created July 23rd,1993 as a general advisory tape for future female captives. The information Ifm going to give you is based on my experience dealing with captives over a period of several years. If, at a future date, there are any major changes in our procedures, the tape will be upgraded. Now, you are obviously here against your will, totally helpless, donft know where youfre at, donft know whatfs gonna happen to you. Youfre very scared or very pissed off. Ifm sure that youfve already tried to get your wrists and ankles loose, and know you canft. Now youfre just waiting to see whatfs gonna happen next. You probably think youfre gonna be raped and youfre fuckinf sure right about that. Our primary interest is in what youfve got between your legs. Youfll be raped thoroughly and repeatedly, in every hole youfve got. Because, basically, youfve been snatched and brought here for us to train and use as a sex slave. Sound kind of far out? Well, I suppose it is to the uninitiated, but we do it all the time. Itfs gonna take a lot of adjustment on your part, and youfre not gonna like it a fuckinf bit. But I donft give a big ratfs ass about that. Itfs not like youfre gonna have any choice about the matter. Youfve been taken by force, and youfre going to be kept and used by force. What all this amounts to is that youfre gonna be kept naked and chained up like an animal, to be used and abused any time we want to, any way that we want to. And you might as well start gettinf used to it, because youfre gonna be kept here and used until such time as we get tired of fuckinf around with you . And we will, eventually, in a month or two, maybe three. Itfs no big deal. My lady friend and I have been keeping sex slaves for years. We both have kinky hang-ups involving rape, dungeon games, etc. Wefve found that it is extremely convenient to keep one or two female captives available constantly to, uh, satisfy our particular needs. We are very selective when we snatch a girl to use for these purposes. It goes without saying that you have a fine body and youfre probably young, maybe very young. Because, for our purposes, we prefer to snatch girls in the early to mid teens, sexually developed, but still small bodied, scared shitless, easy to handle and easy to train, and they usually have tight little pussies and assholes. They make perfect slaves. Any time that we go on a hunting trip, if we canft find a little teenager, we usually start hittinf the gay bars, look for a well-built, big-titted lesbian. I thoroughly enjoy rapinf and screwinf around with lesbians, and therefs not as much danger of them carrying a sexually transmitted disease. And I donft like usinf condoms. Also, even though theyfre a little older, unless theyfve been playing with dildos a lot, they still have tight holes between their legs, like the younger girls. If we canft find a lesbian that we want, we snatch anything that is young, clean and well built. We very seldom come back empty handed, cause therefs plenty of bitches out there to choose from. And, with a little practice in deception, most of emf is very easy to get, with little risk. At this point, it makes little difference what category you fall into. Youfre here and wefre gonna make the most of it. Youfre going to be kept in a hidden slaveroom. It is relatively sound proof, escape proof, and itis completely stocked with devices and equipment to satisfy our sexual fetishes and deviations. There may or may not be another girl in the room. Occasionally, for variety, we like to keep two slaves at the same time. In either case, as the new girl, youfll definitely be getting the most attention for a while. Now, as I said earlier, youfre going to be kept like an animal. I guess I been doinf this too long. Ifve been rapinf bitches ever since I was old enough to jerk off, and tie little girlsf hands behind their back. As far as Ifm concerned, youfre a pretty piece of meat, to be used and exploited. I donft give a flyinf fuck about your mind or how you feel about this situation.You may be married, have a kid or two, boyfriend, girlfriend, a job, car payment. Fuck it. I donft give a ratfs ass about any of that, and I donft want to hear about it. Itfs something youfre gonna have to deal with after youfre turned loose. I make it a point never to like a slave and I fuckinf sure donft have any respect for you. Here, your status is no more than that of one of the dogs, or of one of the animals out in the barn. Your only value to us is the fact that you have an attractive, usable body. And, like the rest of our animals, you will be fed and watered, kept in good physical condition, kept reasonably clean and allowed to use the toilet when necessary. In return, youfre gonna be used hard, especially during your first few days while youfre new and fresh. Youfre gonna be kept chained in a variety of different positions, usually with your legs or knees forced wideapart." "Be nice. Keep your mouth shut, learn the rules and survive. We are into S&M and youfre going to be hurt a little, but everything we do to a girl is designed to cause pain, not injury. There is a big difference. No matter how painful it is, nothing that we plan to do to your body will cause any serious or permanent damage. Ifm not lying to you or trying to make it sound easier, because that would be pointless. Ifm just telling it like it is. Thatfs the way we do things and thatfs the way itfs gonna be, unless we have problems with you. Ifve already told you that youfre gonna be whipped lightly, for pleasure. The electroshock will be used lightly, for pleasure. Most of the other nasty little things that wefre going to do, for the most part, will be done on your breasts, nipples and between your legs. The lady is fortunate. She can get off any time. She just likes to be a little sadistic with a slave once in awhile. In my case, I cannot get off with a girl unless I hurt her first. Thatfs basically the reason Ifm into rape and slavery, and the reason that youfre going to be subjected to acertain amount of pain. Mostly what we do to a captive is stick needles in her breasts and through her nipples, through her cunt lips, through her clit, and Ifm into stretching certain things. Clamps, with long nylon cords on each one, will occasionally be put on your cunt lips so your pussy can be kept pulled open, and theyfre also going to be attached to your nipples. The nylon cords will be put through ceiling rings, or rings on each side of the table, and pulled very tight to stretch your tits. hOccasionally, your clit will also be clamped and stretched and wefre gonna be using dildos. The dildos are gonna be used a lot, more than anything else, and consequently, what youfre going to have the most trouble with. Many of them are long, very large in diameter and very painful while theyfre being forced in. Your mistress will use them in your pussy and I like to use them in both holes. Actually, that pretty well covers it. Therefs gonna be a few other little things that we do. Nothing of any greater consequence and not often, just variety. As far as needles goes, theyfll always be sterilized. The clamps are gonna hurt like a motherfucker, but they wonft cause any permanent injury. They donft even break the skin. As far as the dildos go, both of those holes between your legs will stretch a hell of a lot. Itfll hurt, but theyfll stretch. Your pussy is designed for a baby to come out of and we wonft be using anything bigger than that. The really large ones will not be used in your butt. I donft wanna stretch that hole so big that itfs not usable for fucking. Anyway, that pretty well covers that part of it. Letfs see, what have I missed? Letfs talk about screaming. Every once in awhile we get a screamer. Some bitch that just wants to scream all the time. And it definitely gets fem in trouble, because it gets on my nerves. Very shortly, that gag is going to be removed. We live in an isolated area, so screaming is not usually a problem. In the playroom itfs not much of a problem at all because of the soundproofing. But it irritates the fuck out of me. There is a time and a place. Occasionally I like to hear a bitch scream, but usually not. The only thing that screaming is gonna get you around here is a lot of punishment. And, if you do it habitually, I will just keep a ball gag in your mouth all the time. Itfll only be taken out for you to eat and suck. Ifve already told you about talking. Donft try to initiate a conversation. Donft say anything. You will be punished. If youfre a smoker, nowfs a good time to quit. Ifm not gonna buy your cigarettes and if you ask for one, the only thing youfre gonna get is a few whip marks. Remember, when youfre asked a question, you say, gyes, masterh or gno, master.h If you have to go to the restroom, it is gmaster,h or gmistress,h may I please go to the restroom. Any time that you are given a command, always acknowledge the order verbally, gyes, master,h and then obey the order. Thatfs not too difficult. A bright little thing like you should be able to learn it real fast. There are gonna be times when you are under a stress, a certain amount of stress and you may forget. But thatfs no excuse.